[Music]
after answering a question
this man was appointed as the president
this question was
if two pigs fight against each other who
will win finally
he answered that a pig won people who
were there were so surprised
because he was the only one who had the
right answer it turned out that people
here had really low iq
because people with high iq didn't want
to give birth those with low iq were
lazy
but like to give birth after time
gradually passed
people's intellect has decreased
considerably in order to keep a bit of
intelligent gene
people came up with an idea let a man
and a woman with a high iq hibernate
that man was the protagonist joe and the
woman was rita
they would be set free to save the world
when people's intellect got really low
the hibernate period was planned for 10
years as this was a top secret project
so just only one leader knew
but this leader was old and forgetful so
he forgot this
after that the laboratory was taken down
and the hibernation room was thrown in
the trash
five years have passed the population
has seen a dramatic rise
but people's intellect has dropped
significantly the pile of garbage has
become a mountain of garbage
one day a garbage truck came to take out
the trash when the last can fell out
the mountain has collapsed and made a
flood of garbage trash was all over the
city
joe's hibernation chamber has also
flooded into frito's house with the
garbage
the hibernation chamber was activated so
the door opened
fredo was watching a mathematic show he
was about to learn one plus one is equal
to three
but joe came so he thought that one plus
one is equal to two
he was mad standing up and throwing joe
out joe felt something wrong
he walked to another trash area and saw
a group of people hanging out there
joe said hello to them hi have you eaten
yet
go away bastard don't you see how thin i
am now
go away joe found those people stupid so
he came to the hospital
and checked his health but the
hospital's name was skew
which made him feel bad expectedly this
hospital looked like an amusement park
the way he got the number also confused
him they chose the animated sign based
on the patient's appearance
joe was arranged to have his health
checked the doctor took three pipes out
put this in your mouth this one goes in
your ears and this one goes in your butt
when joe already followed what he said
oops hang on a second
let's start again the one you just put
in your butt now put in your mouth
these actions made joe dumbfounded after
he's finished
he came to a basin to wash his mouth but
the water was green
at that time he saw a newspaper it said
it was already 2505.
he's been hibernating for 500 years
after getting out of the hospital
he came to a vending machine but two
people suddenly appeared
this man doesn't look like he's a good
person me
i'm a good person all right he already
admitted go get him
let's kill him immediately joe was taken
to court
the judge was also a low iq person joe
was allowed to hire a lawyer
not anyone else but fredo who learned
one plus one is equal to three at home
frido did not only defend joe but also
accused joe of a crime with the
opponent's lawyer
everybody laughed a lot at the court joe
couldn't explain anything
finally he was sent to jail for 10 000
years
this man has been hibernating for 500
years after waking up
he found the earth look like the end of
the world a broken building was tied
with a rope
people still drove on a broken bridge it
turned out that except for this
protagonist joe
everybody had a low iq but then he got
put in prison by these low iq people
for 10 000 years the day that he went to
prison
he was asked to take a mental test the
topic was
if a pig fights against another pig who
will win he carefully answered
a pig the answer was right when knowing
that he was the only one who answered it
right
he realized that everybody in the world
had a low iq
therefore as soon as he went to prison
he thought about escaping
he told the warden excuse me i'm
actually supposed to be getting out
oh the water seemed to just wake up then
let joe out joe ran straight to the door
now the warder realized someone escaped
someone escaped from prison
after that joe came to fritos he told
fredo that
you have to listen to me otherwise
you'll die tomorrow
frida was threatened that he cried joe
learned from frido that the earth then
had a time machine
after knowing this joe immediately
looked for it with frito
he wanted to use the time machine to
come back to when people were still
normal
on the way he found rita who hibernated
with him because joe escaped from jail
so he got chased by the police
their car was too slow so they got off
and ran away when they've not run so far
oh yeah
what's wrong with you it's your car come
on
let's get out of here but they lost each
other on the way
joe was caught once again but this time
he was not taken to prison
but the presidential palace since joe
answered the pig fighting question right
his superior iq was appreciated by the
president joe met a lot of officers
the head of the department of natural
resources was a child
the minister of the department of
justice was a girl the minister of the
department of defense was a fat guy the
minister of the department of education
and training was this bald guy the
president was the boxing champion
the president didn't find joe normal
when he first met joe
so he appointed joe as the political
minister immediately
he even opened a national conference to
tell everybody that
joe will solve the problem of why crops
are not growing joe had to accept in the
applause of everybody
after that he secretly told frido to
draw a map to find the time machine
when they came to the field to find out
the reason why crops didn't grow
joe took advantage of his position to
bring rita when people didn't pay
attention
they both ran away when he opened the
map under the tree
damn it quickly they got caught when
crossing the field
joe suddenly found out that people
watered the plants with soft drink
how stupid people in this world were
they used soft drink to water crops
which stopped them from growing
but we can't blame them if we want to
blame let's blame the dishonest drinking
water company
they missed the water treatment plant
and advertised that the water was just
only used for flushing the toilet
so they replaced it with soft drinks
newborn baby even had to drink soft
drink instead of milk
joe was trying to explain that crops
needed water not soft drink
but they assumed that joe had a mental
disorder after a few hours
joe gave up he went back to the field
and told them that he could talk to the
crops
the crops said they were thirsty to
death and they needed water
however they believed him from then on
water became the main supply for
irrigation of agricultural crops
not long after as the soil was destroyed
by soft drink
so nothing grew on the field after a
while this also made the consumption of
soft drink decreased significantly
and made many people lose their jobs
everybody claimed that joe was a scammer
so they put him in jail again this time
the warder has resolved joe's escaping
problem
it was to tie him with a big rock it
looked like he was not that stupid
because of being a serious criminal he
was taken to a gladiatorial combat
he needed to beat three tanks up here if
he won he would be set free
but all he had were a small car and a
huge rock it was not different from
gunning himself
why there were just only two tanks oh
the biggest one got stuck
because it was too big for the door even
so his winning rate was still really low
besides rita suddenly found out that the
crops that were irrigated have grown
so she went to the battle with frito on
the way she saw a lot of crops growing
in the field
in the gladiatorial combat the tanks
started attacking
joe was run over the audience thought
that he was about to die
but joe's iq was high to he made the
tanks come to this place
and then used the rock to fly out of the
car after that the two tanks crashed
each other
which made the audience's laugh became
smaller joe also thought that he won
but then there was a man crawling out
from the ruin and shooting joe nonstop
the audience got so excited at that time
rita arrived
she paid a photographer and told frido
to bring that photographer to the field
and take some photos after that those
photos with beautiful crops would be
displayed on the screen
quickly they both arrived but they
forgot what to do there
and started arguing in a weird way frida
was mad punching the photographer in the
face
the camera was thrown away and fell into
the field rita immediately showed the
photos on the screen
everyone was amazed after seeing that it
turned out that it was a mistake
when looking at joe who was about to be
burned to death the president came and
saved him
then he declared that joe was innocent
the next day joe found the time machine
but this machine was a game in the game
zone it was even broken so he couldn't
come back to the past
finally he became the president and had
three children with rita
these three with high iq would be the
existence that changed human life
this is the end of the movie don't
forget to follow us to watch other
videos